Improve mappedness algorithm for query builder (#1186)
finos/legend-studio: .changeset/metal-tomatoes-joke.md

---

> '@finos/legend-query': patch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
'@finos/legend-query': minor
```

---

> Improved current mappedness algorithm for query builder by making using of `Engine`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make use of `engine` [mapping analytics](https://github.com/finos/legend-engine/pull/740) API to improve `mappedness check` for query builder explorer.
```
